Upgrade go-netbox to Netbox version 3.0.2 (#121)
netbox-community/go-netbox: README.md

[![GoDoc](http://godoc.org/github.com/netbox-community/go-netbox?status.svg)](http://godoc.org/github.com/netbox-community/go-netbox) [![Build Status](https://github.com/netbox-community/go-netbox/workflows/main/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/netbox-community/go-netbox/actions) [![Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/netbox-community/go-netbox)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/netbox-community/go-netbox)

Package `netbox` provides an API 3.0 client for [netbox-community's NetBox](https://github.com/netbox-community/netbox)
IPAM and DCIM service.

> This package assumes you are using NetBox 3.0, as the NetBox 1.0 API no longer exists. However NetBox 2.0 might still work as the API isn't that different between 2.0 and 3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package assumes you are using NetBox 3.0, as the NetBox 1.0 API no longer exists. It wasn't tested on NetBox 2.0 but given the minor changes to the API between 2.0 and 3.0 it still might work.
```

Reviewer: Is that better? Dunno :D.

Author: Sounds good (and "not tested" is the reality anyways). I've also added a short reference to the 2.11 tag.
